[KeyVault] - Add Managed HSM contributing docs and remove KEYVAULT_NAME (#15103)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/keyvault/keyvault-admin/test/README.md

You can use existing Azure resources for the live tests, or generate new ones by using our [New-TestResources.ps1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/eng/common/TestResources/New-TestResources.ps1) script, which will use an [ARM template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/test-resources.json) that already has all of the the necessary configurations.

> > Only Managed HSM instances support the KeyVault Administration client package, as such you'll need to ensure one is deployed to run these tests. To do so you'll want to pass `enabledHsm` as an ARM template parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
> Only Managed HSM instances support the KeyVault Administration client package, as such you'll need to ensure one is deployed to run these tests. To do so you'll want to pass `enableHsm` as an ARM template parameter.
```

>
> As an example:
>
> ```powershell
> New-TestResources.ps1 -ServiceDirectory 'keyvault' -ArmTemplateParameters @{ "enableHsm" = $true }
> ```

> The `New-TestResources` script will ensure that the Managed HSM is activated; however, if you are using an existing Managed HSM there are additional steps required to set up the correct permissions and activate the HSM. Please see [Activate Your Managed HSM](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/keyvault-admin/README.md#activate-your-managed-hsm) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The `New-TestResources` script will ensure that the Managed HSM is activated; however, if you are creating your own Managed HSM there are additional steps required to set up the correct permissions and activate the HSM. Please see [Activate Your Managed HSM](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/keyvault/keyvault-admin/README.md#activate-your-managed-hsm) for more information.
```

> Managed HSMs do have an hourly cost even when not in-use. Please review the [Azure Dedicated HSM Pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/azure-dedicated-hsm/#pricing) and clean up the resources when not in use.

The Azure resource that is used by the tests in this project is:

- An [Azure Managed HSM](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/managed-hsm/overview). Your Azure Active Directory application needs to be added to the Access Policies of the Key Vault. The steps are provided [below](#aad-based-authentication).

To run the live tests, you will also need to set the below environment variables:

- `TEST_MODE`: Should have `live` assigned.
- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`: The client ID of an Azure Active Directory application.
- `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`: The client secret of an Azure Active Directory application.
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID`: The Tenant ID of your organization in Azure Active Directory.

> - `AZURE_MANAGEDHSM_URI`: The name of the key vault managed HSM to use in the tests.

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be like `Azure Key Vault`, like how we have `Azure Active Directory` in the lines above 🤔

Author: Thanks! Done
